[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty, a
retired counterintelligence
agent who served in
the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately involved
with UFO/ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>>RICHARD DOTY:
Thank you, Emery.
Glad to be here.
>>EMERY: People speak of
extraterrestrials being
integrated into our society.
What do you think about this?
>>DOTY: I think it's true.
They have been.
And I have some
information about something
that had occurred
some years ago,
at Kirtland Air Force Base.
>>EMERY: Oh, OK.
The incident at
Kirtland Air Force base,
where they found the bodies?
>>DOTY: Yes.
>>EMERY: Oh, what can
you tell us about that?
>>DOTY: An Air Force helicopter
flying over a remote area
at Kirtland Air Force
Base in an area called
Coyote Canyon located five
bodies lying in a pile.
A helicopter pilot, Air
Force helicopter pilot
reported it to
the base security.
Base security law enforcement
and Sandia lab security
responded to the scene
and found five bodies--
all males, unclothed-- in a pile
in a remote area of the base.
The security police
immediately notified AFOSI,
which included me, and the FBI.
Well, responded to the scene.
And we examined these
bodies lying in this pile.
>>EMERY: What did
they look like?
>>DOTY: They were all male.
They were unclothed,
and they were
in the ages of between
50 and 80 years of age.
And they died of unknown reason.
They didn't have any
blood in their bodies.
There wasn't any
blood on the ground.
We found a lot of
anomalies on the ground
that we collected
and categorized,
just like a crime
scene, so to speak.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DOTY: But the bodies were
autopsied at the Armed Forces
Institute of Pathology.
We had no identities on a body,
couldn't identify anything.
The fingerprints
taken from the body
was not identifiable to anyone.
So the pathologists
in Washington
found the organs, certain organs
from each body was missing,
such as a kidney, a prostate,
a liver, a spleen, a pancreas,
a heart.
But the organs were removed from
the body without any incisions,
and the pathologist
just couldn't understand
how that could have happened.
They rule on a lot of different
things, such as animals.
No animals could have done that.
And what happened to the blood?
They couldn't figure out
what happened to the blood.
There was no blood
on the ground.
One small spot we found,
but other than that,
there wasn't any other
blood on the ground.
And their main question was, how
did anyone remove those organs
without an incision?
And so an extensive
investigation
turned after that.
We did find some strange
things on the ground, something
like a gel substance.
We found the same gel substance
inside one of the bodies.
We traced that gel
substance to a person
that had been in contact with
it, an ET, sometime earlier.
That female had this same
substance inside her uterus.
So now we have a scientific
mystery, a scientific mystery
that encompassed medical
personnel, scientists,
and investigators like
myself trying to figure out,
number one, who these people
were, who these men were,
where they come from,
and how they got there.
The only thing we could
come up with was it
had been done from the air.
The bodies had to have
been dropped from the air,
because in that particular
section of Coyote Canyon,
it's secure.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DOTY: You can't get into it.
>>EMERY: No.
>>DOTY: Somebody would have
had to have special permission
to get into that area, because
there's high-level security
gates all over that area.
So was it somebody
from the base?
We did an investigation.
We interviewed the people
that had a contact.
Number one, the area
supervisor, the person
that had responsibility
for that area,
there's intricate
control point logs.
Everyone that
entered that area had
to sign in with their
license number, which
was-- the only vehicles
allowed in there
were the government vehicles.
We also thought
about maybe somebody,
how they rigged the gate or
bypassed the lock on the gate
to get in, because
between 12:00 midnight
and 6:00 in the morning, there
wasn't any security out there.
Nothing-- we didn't find
anything wrong with the locks.
We had specialists
look at the locks.
We analyzed the locks
and the alarm systems.
Nothing was malfunctioning.
Then we thought, well,
maybe some aircraft
flew in this area.
>>EMERY: You checked the radar?
>>DOTY: We checked radar.
We checked the base,
the flight logs.
Nothing that we knew
of got into that area,
but the anomaly existed when
we went to the civilian air
traffic control center.
At a particular time
early in the morning,
there was a blimp that
appeared on the radar screen.
The air traffic control
center didn't see anything.
They immediately notified
the radar approach control
in Albuquerque and said,
do you have anything
flying at a certain altitude?
No.
Then the object disappeared.
So the air traffic
control system
figured it was clutter
in the atmosphere
or at that particular
night there was clouds,
so they just dismissed it.
Something came from a higher
altitude to a lower altitude,
dropped off those bodies, and
then flew to a higher altitude
and got out of there.
That's the only way those
bodies could have got there.
So what does that lead us to?
ETs.
Why and how did they do that?
>>EMERY: Well, you worked
closely with Dr. Kit Green.
And I know he was part
of this investigation.
What did he have
to say about that?
>>DOTY: Well, he was
as puzzled as we were.
He examined the bodies.
He did his own very, very
extensive examination
after the pathologists.
He gathered some body
tissues and things
that the pathologist
didn't gather.
And then he had it analyzed
at an independent laboratory
or, I should say, a
secretive laboratory.
And there's a lot of
things that we found.
Number one, the material on
the bodies or in the organs
were not anything that
we could identify.
The molecules, the molecular
structure of this substance
was not something
we'd ever seen before.
And we came to the
conclusion that it
had been an ET incident.
Why they did what they
did, we don't know.
Why they took certain organs--
at that time, we
couldn't figure it out.
Later on, people smarter than
me, scientists and so forth,
started figuring out that the
ETs were creating hybrids--
hybrid humans, part
ET and part humans.
And why they were doing
it, we don't know.
But they were taking
certain organs,
taking out certain enzymes
and tissue from those organs,
and then growing into a
humanoid or a hybrid body.
And the way that ETs did it--
and I don't know that we could
figure out how they did it--
was planning those
tissue samples
and those other
things in the body
enabled organs, similar
to human organs, grow.
But they were hybrids.
>>EMERY: Right.
How long were those
bodies out there?
>>DOTY: If we base it on the
time that the craft, we think,
came--
was the blip on the
radar, so to speak,
and then the time they were
discovered is about five days.
>>EMERY: So there was already--
what about any animals
were nibbling on them?
Were the insects
already infested?
Was there larva from the flies?
>>DOTY: Surprisingly, no.
No animals, no animal
wounds, nothing
had been penetrating the
skin of any of those humans.
No larva, fly larva, had been
infested in the bodies, which
you would normally find in a
body that had been subjected
to heat of the New Mexico sun
and the duration of their stay
there or the
deterioration of the body.
These bodies did not show any
signs of post-mortem lividity,
anything to indicate
that they died
a normal deterioration
of the body that would
occur after somebody dies.
We couldn't find any of that.
>>EMERY: Were there any
interesting genetic findings
on the bodies?
>>DOTY: They had some
anomalies in their body.
Someone had a heart problem.
The other person had
a kidney problem.
One guy had an
enlarged prostate.
One guy had lung
problems from smoking.
There was something wrong
with these five bodies.
But where they came from--
as far as I know, as
of when I left OSI,
we could never find or determine
where these bodies came from
or their identities.
>>EMERY: So how do
you think this ties
into the ETs that
are amongst us?
>>DOTY: Well, we came
to the conclusion
that these five humans, men,
were abducted someplace.
We don't know where.
And a number of different things
were performed on their bodies,
more like a anatomy student
or a medical student.
Open up a body for
an anatomy lesson.
>>EMERY: What is
the purpose of this?
Why do you think
the ETs did this?
>>DOTY: They were trying
to develop humanoids
through a hybrid process.
They were so
advanced, technology
and probably medically,
they knew our bodies.
They must have known our bodies.
They knew what
organs to take out.
They knew how to take them
out, which was a mystery to us.
And they knew what particular--
how to take those tissue samples
out or take those organs out
and implant them into humans.
We know that some of
the substance found
on these and inside
these bodies were later
found in contactees, in
their vaginal tracts,
in their uterus--
the same exact substance.
So that is an indication
what they were trying to do
is make hybrids,
and I don't know
that we ever found out why.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DOTY: We know that they
were doing it, because we
found other evidence.
There's lot of other
evidence of bodies,
dead bodies with the same
substance at other locations
that I didn't investigate
but were reported, the same--
a body found here in the
middle of a swamp in Louisiana,
a body found in an
isolated location
near the Canadian
border and North Dakota
that was unclothed--
the same exact thing,
with organs missing.
So it wasn't just one incident.
It was a number
of incidents that
were occurring over a period
of time, over several years.
And we connected all
those, these incidents,
to a substance, which is like
a jelly form or something.
>>EMERY: The gel, right.
>>DOTY: The gel.
>>EMERY: Like a hydrophobic
type of gel, I've heard.
And one of the
reports I read, it
was used for conductivity to
get the frequency of that body.
And it kind of like--
they used some sort of
harmonic device, like an X-ray.
But they just put a
couple parts of the body.
And it duplicates the
body into circuitry,
into like a hard drive
that they can take.
And that's secondhand
information I'm telling you.
>>DOTY: Yeah, something
similar to that.
Kit Green developed a really
good theory that was something
like that, that at some point--
if it wasn't then, it was
some time later, maybe a year
or so--
they did find out
that these bodies
had a certain rhythm,
sound rhythm or frequency
that were all the same.
So somehow the ETs
could figure that out
and knew enough about
us that we didn't know,
because we didn't
develop that knowledge
that each body had a frequency
until sometime later.
I mean, some years later.
And we've developed
a way of testing it
and find out that everybody
had a different frequency.
But the ETs knew it years
and years before we did.
So they must have
been experimenting
with our bodies and
humans for many years,
because they knew us.
They knew our anatomy,
our physiology.
And they knew what to take
to make other hominoids
or hybrids.
>>EMERY: How did you
come to the conclusion
that it was a hybrid and not
maybe something that was cloned
or grown in a laboratory?
>>DOTY: Well, first
of all, we had
a lot of top
scientists, doctors,
and pathologists and
others working on this.
And it was a totality
of the evidence that
had been gathered over the
years, the contactees who
had seen things, vats with
humans inside of them.
And these contactees
were thoroughly
vetted to determine they
were telling the truth.
Evidence other
letter agencies found
showed that there was
an ET race experimenting
within the human bodies.
These bodies that were found
all over the world, not just
the United States,
but over the world.
>>EMERY: It was a joint
effort, basically.
It all pointed into
this, with this evidence,
into that direction.
>>DOTY: Exactly.
And I always pointed to a
hybrid, a extraterrestrial DNA
mixed with human DNA to
create something as similar
to a human as possible but
yet also extraterrestrial.
>>EMERY: So what's the
agenda on the ET side?
Why would they do this?
>>DOTY: Well, we can't get
inside of the head of the ET.
But some of the
real smart people
figured out it had to have
been in order for them
to mingle with us, walk
amongst us in society
without us recognizing them.
And then some other reason,
maybe a future invasion
or some kind of a
military type of operation
or just surveillance or just
keeping a watch over us.
>>EMERY: Have they
integrated influential areas
of government?
>>DOTY: That's always the
scary portion of this,
whether they infiltrated
the government, not just
the Pentagon or the US Senate
or House of Representatives.
>>EMERY: The
three-letter agencies.
>>DOTY: Other agencies.
>>EMERY: Corporations.
>>DOTY: Corporations or
even the White House.
We don't know, and
that's something
that scares a lot of people.
It scared a lot of people.
And eventually, at some point,
I think it was after I had left.
But they tried to develop
some sort of a method
to detect them.
And this method was a--
once the government-- of course,
the government, the military
had DNA testing way
before society did.
And they developed with several
different medical institutes
and the Armed Forces
Institute of Pathology--
Kit Green was involved in this.
They developed a
unique way to test DNA.
And I don't know how
exactly they did that,
but they would test DNA.
And if they did the test right--
and they had to do it,
I think, from fluids
and from skin or
something to that effect,
they could determine
the alien DNA.
And so the government
then had a test--
and I don't know if
they still have it now,
or they probably refined it--
to determine it was a
counteraction to the ETs.
OK, you might be able
to make a hybrid.
We're going to
detect who they are.
>>EMERY: That's right.
Do you know of any
technology that's Earth-made,
man-made that can detect
besides the DNA testing to spot
an extraterrestrial amongst us?
>>DOTY: Yes, that was tested by
a number of different agencies
and by a number of different
institutes, highly classified.
It's the frequency.
>>EMERY: The
frequency one, yeah.
>>DOTY: Yeah, the frequency of--
the ETs don't have a
frequency like we do.
And so if we have
devices that can
test the frequencies
of every human being
and if there's no
frequency that comes back,
we know there's suspicion
on that particular person.
>>EMERY: So Rick, how
does this frequency device
work to test if this
is an extraterrestrial
or this is a human being?
What's the science behind it?
>>DOTY: Well, I'm not
sure about the science.
But I know they have meters.
They were developed in the
late '90s and into the 2000s,
and they detect
certain frequencies.
Now, one of the things that
we test in these machines
are a range of frequencies
that humans have.
Now, the problem
with that is an ET
could have a frequency
much, much higher
than a human frequency.
Not each human has
the same frequency.
So there has to be a range of
frequencies tested in order
to determine whether
that's a human being.
And if the extraterrestrials
figure that out--
and they're smarter
than we are--
they might have
countered it to develop
at a frequency in their bodies
that are similar to us or way
beyond the spectrum.
Now, if they're way
beyond the spectrum,
they're a dead
giveaway, because we
know that humans only operate
within a certain frequency,
every human body.
And if it's beyond that
frequency, then we would detect
or we would be
suspicious of that person
being an extraterrestrial.
Now, what happens after that?
I don't know.
I was never privy to whether
they ever arrested anybody
or whether they
detained anybody.
Or maybe there's a place like
Guantanamo Bay, where they're
locking them up, or Area 51,
where they're locking them up,
because they're not human.
>>EMERY: But I do
believe in what you say,
because we have
proof that they can
mimic the frequency of a human
being and walk amongst us.
So it's going to be
difficult for them.
I think we do now have
higher technologies,
like you said, that we had that
back in the '90s, early '90s.
So who knows what they
have today to really spot
these beings out there?
>>DOTY: And if the
ETs figured it out,
they could counteract
that and maybe create
a more perfect human, maybe
a totally cloned human being.
Now, I don't know
much about that.
I've heard a little bit
about humans being cloned,
but I can't really
talk about that.
I don't know much about that.
Everything that I've heard
and read involved hybrids.
>>EMERY: Besides
frequency, are there
other signs that can
tell if someone's
a hybrid or an extraterrestrial?
>>DOTY: Yes, brainwaves,
measuring brainwaves.
The extraterrestrials have
an extremely active brain,
more so than a human.
And so if you could center
them, if you could detect,
number one, frequency
and then you
could confine them to
check the brainwaves, that
would more or less
confirm the fact
that this particular entity
was an ET and not a human.
>>EMERY: Now, you spoke about
the military infiltration,
possibly, and the Vatican of
an extraterrestrial presence.
Can you explore that for us?
>>DOTY: Yeah, there was a
military officer some years
ago that was suspected
of being different--
maybe a spy, maybe
psychologically unstable.
>>EMERY: What branch?
>>DOTY: Air Force.
>>EMERY: Position?
>>DOTY: He was a
high-ranking colonel.
He was a colonel, an
O-6 in the Air Force.
And he was being watched very,
very carefully and at the point
where OSI got a FISA
warrant to bug him.
And we found out that he was
having these strange contacts
through some kind
of communication
system with something else.
And then when we confronted
him, when OSI confronted him,
he admitted that he
was, in fact, a hybrid.
>>EMERY: And what was
the red flags for OSI
to get involved
with this person?
>>DOTY: His supervisors started
questioning what he was doing
and why he was doing things.
And initially, they thought he
was psychologically unstable.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DOTY: Maybe he had a
brain tumor or something.
And so they ruled all that out.
They made him go get examined
in a brain scan and so forth,
and that all panned out.
He was normal.
And then they started
really, really watching him.
They're just the supervisors,
not law enforcement.
And he was doing strange
things, going to strange places,
driving his car to a certain
point, and walking up a hill
and sitting on
that hill all night
and things like that,
which made him very
suspicious of a colonel in
the United States Air Force
doing these things.
So then they got law
enforcement involved.
That's when OSI came in and
did their investigative tactics
and FISA warrants and so
forth and determined, he's
talking to somebody.
He's communicating with
something, possibly alien.
>>EMERY: He didn't admit
to what he was talking to?
>>DOTY: No, he wouldn't.
He said he just likes
to go for walks.
He didn't do anything wrong.
He hadn't committed any crimes.
But when we started doing
the surveillance stuff
and catching him
doing anything--
and another odd thing
about it, he's never slept.
He just didn't sleep.
We bugged his house.
He never slept.
He never used his bed.
He'd sit in a strange
contortionist manner.
And so that made us think.
And in the report,
it actually said,
we don't believe this
person is, in fact, a human.
And when they confronted
him and got him in custody,
they said, what are you?
And he admitted to--
he was, in fact, hybrid.
And he'd been one for--
>>EMERY: What kind of hybrid?
And how did he get to this
position, and who did it?
>>DOTY: He was born--
I mean, he was created that way.
He couldn't say.
He just knew he was
communicating with the grays.
He knew the grays.
He was part gray, although
he was also human, too.
And he was communicating,
providing them information.
And he was, in fact, giving
our secrets away to the--
and in his position,
I think he was
something to do with aircraft
scheduling and so forth.
I don't remember exactly, but he
was giving all that information
away.
Even though it was to
extraterrestrial race,
that's still espionage.
>>EMERY: Right, was he charged?
>>DOTY: We do investigative
turn over to command.
And it's up to them to
court-martial him or whatever.
And so whatever
happened after that,
I'm sure somebody within
OSI, the higher level knew.
But I didn't know.
>>EMERY: Did he have
any family members?
>>DOTY: No, he
was never married.
He spent 24 years in the
United States Air Force.
He grew up in a small town
in, I believe, Maryland.
No, Maine.
Excuse me, Maine,
out of Bangor, Maine.
When we started trying to find
his background information,
we came up with a dead end.
Couldn't find out what school
he went to or the school
he claimed he went to, didn't
have any record of him.
He did go to college.
I don't remember
what college it was,
but he had college transcripts.
He entered the Air Force, and he
worked his way up to colonel--
very smart, very intelligent.
But the ironic part
that I have to mention
is he went to Squadron Officer
School when he was, I think,
a lieutenant or second
lieutenant, first lieutenant.
And one of his--
his roommate in
Squadron Officer School
commented on a evaluation.
In Squadron Officer School, you
have to evaluate each other,
you know?
After one week, you evaluate me.
He evaluated this guy,
and we found this later.
He said, I don't believe
this guy is human.
I've never seen him sleep.
He said that in officer school.
And years later, and
that's 20-some years later,
we find that out.
But nobody thought that was odd.
Well, he lived alone.
The only time he had
a room with somebody
was when he went to
some kind of school.
And once you make
the rank of captain,
you're going to
room by yourself.
You're never going to
have a roommate, just
in Squadron Officer School.
And this one other
first Lieutenant said, I
don't think this guy is human.
I never saw him sleep.
>>EMERY: Validation.
>>DOTY: Validation right there,
but nobody paid any attention
to those valuations.
Probably nobody ever read them.
>>EMERY: Right.
What about his
physical appearance?
Was it anything noticeable
that was different than us?
>>DOTY: He was very slender.
I think the only thing
that I can remember
is that he was
extremely slender.
He had odd-shaped feet, and he
had to get almost special shoes
to fit his feet.
And this is another anomaly
that nobody ever caught.
He didn't have any
nails on his thumb.
He didn't have any thumbnails.
Now, I know there's a medical
condition that some people are
born without fingernails.
I understand that, but he just
didn't have them on his thumbs.
>>EMERY: What color
were his eyes?
>>DOTY: I don't remember
what color his eyes were.
I don't remember.
>>EMERY: And then the nose
and ears looked normal?
>>DOTY: I think they
were all normal.
>>EMERY: Normal.
>>DOTY: Oh, he
didn't have any hair.
He didn't have any
facial hair, or he
didn't have any hair in his
ear and his ears or nose,
like most humans grow hair.
That was one of the-- and
Kit Green actually coined
a reason for that, because
if you can manipulate
a certain portion of your DNA,
you can make a bald person.
You can make a person
without any hair.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>DOTY: Yeah, so.
>>EMERY: Quite the engineering
accomplishment there.
>>DOTY: Yes.
>>EMERY: What
other ways were you
able to determine who was
a hybrid and who was not?
>>DOTY: Well,
ironically speaking,
the Vatican developed a way.
I had a source who worked
in the Vatican for 15 years
and had extensive
knowledge about hybrids.
Where they got that
from, I don't know.
They had thousands of books.
And they had a number
of papers on hybrids
and how they were created.
And one of the
methods they found
was exposing a hybrid
to intense light,
I mean, really intense light.
And they can't stand it.
They can't stand it.
Their eyes can't stand it,
and they can't stand it.
Their skin almost
starts peeling.
So under one
particular pope, anyone
that was going to
work in the Vatican
would have to undergo this test.
And one particular
priest came from--
I can't remember if it
was Argentina or Brazil,
but went to the Vatican to work
there for a period of time.
And they test them.
They actually tested them.
And when that priest was
exposed to light, he panicked.
And they determined that
he was, in fact, a hybrid.
And obviously, he--
I don't know what
they did to him,
but he wasn't allowed
to work in the Vatican.
>>EMERY: Was it
regular or white light,
or was it some sort
of other color?
Or was it UV light?
>>DOTY: All I know
is an intense light.
That's what my source
who worked at Pentagon
told me-- intense light.
I didn't ask him if it was
infrared or ultraviolet
or anything like that.
>>EMERY: Do you think
the hybrids that
are integrated into
our society might
be used to possibly facilitate
disclosure in the long term?
>>DOTY: Well, first
of all, we have
to understand what kind
of government agencies
knows about it and that
are controlling it.
And I'm not privy to that.
But I think that's
a possibility.
I think that's a very
likely possibility that--
>>EMERY: Slowly introduce
them to society over time.
>>DOTY: Exactly, slowly
introducing them.
But then you have to stop and
think of what repercussions
that would cause
in society when--
me, the government, telling
you your neighbor's a hybrid,
or the guy that lives
behind you is a hybrid,
or the guy that you're
going to work with every day
is a hybrid.
>>EMERY: Or you
voted for a hybrid.
>>DOTY: Or you
So I think there's
a lot of thought
that has to go into that before
the government would release
it.
But my personal opinion,
and you can take it
the way you want to take
it, is there is probably
thousands and thousands of
hybrids out there walking
amongst us.
And unless you do a complete
background investigation
on them or checked
their brainwaves or DNA
or expose them to intense
light, you probably will never--
>>EMERY: Or install those
lights down at the airport,
at the bus stations.
>>DOTY: Exactly, you
probably will never know it.
>>EMERY: Right,
you'll never know.
Well, I believe in
that as well, Rick.
I think there's
thousands and thousands
of these hybrids all
around the planet
and full-blown
extraterrestrials that
have intermingled with us
in many different fashions
and are probably integrated
in many, like we said,
corporations and
political governments.
>>DOTY: Well, one of the things
that I want to mention finally,
one test that was
conducted-- and I
don't know the medical reason
or the medical technique
or the repercussions of this.
But I know Kit
Green knew about it.
If you take a extraterrestrial
sperm cell and--
let me go back.
Not all extraterrestrials
that we know of have sperm.
They produce other
ways, but there
are some that do have sperm.
And you implant it in a human
ovary, it's not going to grow.
So there has to be some
manipulation of that sperm cell
or the ovaries of a human to
be receptive on that sperm
cell in order for that
particular contactee
to have a hybrid baby.
And believe me, we know now that
the ETs have figured that out
over the maybe
thousands of years
of trying to do this, figured
out a way to make it happen.
>>EMERY: Might this be an effort
to merge civilizations together
to help humanity?
>>DOTY: I personally think yes.
I think that would be the best
way to integrate societies,
extraterrestrial-- us and
with extraterrestrials.
But then I always think of
the negative side of that--
what if something goes wrong?
>>EMERY: How are people
going to react to that?
>>DOTY: How are people
But if I marry a person who
is a hybrid, I don't know it.
And we try to have children,
and something happens.
And maybe something is distorted
in the embryo or something,
and those are the
things I think of.
But I think it's an idea
if we could come together
as a universal society,
we know they're here.
And obviously, we're
here with them.
We have to live amongst them.
I think it'll work
in most cases,
but then there's probably
hostile extraterrestrials
that it wouldn't work.
>>EMERY: I love your
opinion on that.
What about the other
agents out there
and three-letter agencies?
What do they
hypothesize about it?
>>DOTY: I speak with them.
I spoke with them in
the past, and they
have the same
concerns I have, is it
work well in a perfect society.
We're certainly not
a perfect society,
and there could be a lot
of problems developed
if that was to happen.
>>EMERY: Right.
I mean, it's hard enough
that we can't get along
with our own
neighbors, much less
finding out another whole
hybrid civilization amongst us.
>>DOTY: That's true.
That's true.
One of the problems that
intelligence agencies
talk about--
the ones that had been
briefed into this program,
especially within DIA--
is it might be all right
with one particular ET race
intermingling with us,
maybe creating hybrids.
But what about the others?
What if there's four or five
or six or 10 or 20 or 50?
Now what's going to happen?
They're not coordinating this.
I'm sure there's no central
coordination committee
someplace in the universe
that's coordinating this.
So you've got a
hybrid Eben here.
You've got a hybrid
Trantaloid here.
Quataloid here.
You've got a hybrid Gray here.
I mean, there's so
many different ones.
What would this society
come through then?
It would be not a
socialized society.
It would be a hideous society.
>>EMERY: Well, it seems to me
that is already happening here
on planet Earth with all
of our different races,
and we do have issues
with other races
and other countries because of
belief systems and politics.
I can only assume
and hypothesize
the same thing
would happen, again,
like what you just
said, introducing
even more races into this.
And how do those races
feel about each other?
>>DOTY: Well, at least we're
intermingling with human
to human, with our
races on Earth.
But now we're talking about
an extraterrestrial race.
And no two extraterrestrials
are like this,
like no two humans are alike.
So these extraterrestrials
are coming here
and trying to interbreed
with us or clone us
or making hybrids
or doing things
that we can't even imagine.
That's one of the things
that scares a lot of people.
Kit Green is one of them.
And many others are
very concerned about,
what are they doing that
we are not aware of?
That's scary.
>>EMERY: That is.
Is it possible that we've been
part of a hybridization program
for the last thousand
years, and the chaos
we're going through right now
is that introduction to hybrids?
>>DOTY: Very possible.
EBE 1 tried to explain to us--
we probably didn't understand
then, but we probably
understand now--
that they have been visiting
Earth for thousands of years.
And what have they been doing
in these thousands of years
that they've been
visiting Earth?
You think they just started
this hybridization program now
or in the '50s or '60s?
No, they probably started
it thousands of years ago.
We could be very well a product
of that hybridization program,
and that could be why we
as a human race on Earth
don't get along.
>>EMERY: Right.
So if there's an upside
to this whole situation,
what would it be?
>>DOTY: That we intermingle
with the extraterrestrials,
and everything
works out perfectly,
and we live in a better society.
>>EMERY: I hope so, and
that's beautiful to say that.
Well, thank you, Rick,
for being on the show.
>>DOTY: You're very welcome.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]